Upgrade to be compatible with pyfirecreset v2.6.0 (#36)
aiidateam/aiida-firecrest: README.md

FirecREST api version [Enter 0 to get this info from server] [0]: 0
Maximum file size for direct transfer (MB) [Enter 0 to get this info from server] [0]: 0
Report: Configuring computer firecrest-client for user chrisj_sewell@hotmail.com.
Success: firecrest-client successfully configured for chrisj_sewell@hotmail.com
```

You can always check your config with
```console
$ verdi computer show firecrest-client
```

See also the [pyfirecrest CLI](https://github.com/eth-cscs/pyfirecrest), for directly interacting with a FirecREST server.

After this, everything should function normally through AiiDA with no problems.
See [tests/test_calculation.py](tests/test_calculation.py) for a working example of how to use the plugin, via the AiiDA API.

If you encounter any problems/bug, please don't hesitate to open an issue on this repository.

### Current Issues

Calculations are now running successfully, however, there are still issues regarding efficiency, Could be improved:

1. Monitoring / management of API request rates could to be improved. Currently this is left up to PyFirecREST.

> 2. Each transfer request includes 2 seconds of `sleep` time, imposed by `pyfirecrest`. One can takes use of their `async` client, but with current design of `aiida-core`, the gain will be minimum. (see the [closing comment of issue#94 on pyfirecrest](https://github.com/eth-cscs/pyfirecrest/issues/94) and [PR#6079 on aiida-core ](https://github.com/aiidateam/aiida-core/pull/6079))

Reviewer: Are there differences between PyFirecREST and `pyfirecrest`? I feel like not, then we should be consistent. Here it is a bit confusing because the writing style changes between two consecutive points

### Current Issues

Calculations are now running successfully, however, there are still issues regarding efficency, Could be improved:

> 1. Monitoring / management of API request rates could to be improved. Currently it leaves it to hand of PyFirecREST.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Monitoring / management of API request rates could to be improved. Currently this is left up to PyFirecREST.

```

### Testing

There are two types of tests: mocking the PyFirecREST or the FirecREST server.

> While the former is a good practice to ensure that all three (`aiida-firecrest`, FirecREST, and PyFirecREST) work flawlessly, debugging may not always be easy because it may not always be obvious which of the three is causing a bug.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While the latter is a good practice to ensure that all three (`aiida-firecrest`, FirecREST, and PyFirecREST) work flawlessly, debugging may not always be easy because it may not always be obvious which of the three is causing a bug.
```

I think this sentence refers to mocking the FireCREST server, right. I also think it is a matter of opinion whether you consider this "good practice". Usually testing resources tell you not to test internals of dependencies.

[codecov-link]: https://codecov.io/gh/aiidateam/aiida-firecrest
[black-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
[black-link]: https://github.com/ambv/black

> ### :bug: Fishing :bug: Bugs :bug:

Reviewer: It is really not a clear title 
```suggestion
### :bug: Reporting bugs
```

First, start with running tests locally with no `config` file given, that would monkeypatch `pyfirecrest`. These set of test do not guarantee that the whole firecrest protocol is working, but it's very useful to quickly check if `aiida-firecrest` is behaving as it's expected to do. To run just simply use `pytest` or `tox`.

> If these tests pass and the bug persists, consider providing a `config` file to run the tests on a docker image or directly on a real server. Be aware of versioning, `pyfirecrest` doesn't check which version of api it's interacting with.  (TODO: open an issue on this)

Reviewer: Maybe you open an issue on this before we merge? Or is this a lot of work?

[codecov-link]: https://codecov.io/gh/aiidateam/aiida-firecrest
[black-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
[black-link]: https://github.com/ambv/black

#### Mocking PyFirecREST

> These set of test do not gurantee that the firecrest protocol is working, but it's very usefull to quickly check if `aiida-firecrest` is behaving as it's expected to do. To run just simply use `pytest`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These set of test do not gurantee that the firecrest protocol is working, but it's very useful to quickly check if `aiida-firecrest` is behaving as it's expected to do. To run just simply use `pytest`.
```

> If these tests, pass and still you have trouble in real deploymeny that means your installed version of pyfirecrest is behaving differently from what `aiida-firecrest` expects in `MockFirecrest` in `tests/tests_mocking_pyfirecrest/conftest.py`.

Author: ```suggestion
If these tests, pass and still you have trouble in real deployment, that means your installed version of pyfirecrest is behaving differently from what `aiida-firecrest` expects in `MockFirecrest` in `tests/tests_mocking_pyfirecrest/conftest.py`.
```

> In order to solve that, first spot what is different and then solve or raise to `pyfirecrest` if relevant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If there is no version of `aiida-firecrest` available that supports your `pyfirecrest` version and if down/upgrading your `pyfirecrest` to a supported version is not an option, you might try the following:
- open an issue on the `aiida-firecrest` repository on GitHub to request supporting your version of pyfirecrest
- if you feel up to finding the discrepancy and fixing it within `aiida-firecrest`, open a PR instead
- if you think the problem is a bug in `pyfirecrest`, open an issue there

Either way, make sure to report which version of `aiida-firecrest` and `pyfirecrest` you are using.
```

I feel like there should be an option here for people who don't have the know-how to fix the problem themselves or even figure out where the problem lies, beyond mismatching versions.

[codecov-link]: https://codecov.io/gh/aiidateam/aiida-firecrest
[black-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
[black-link]: https://github.com/ambv/black

> 

Reviewer: The references (see above) are typically at the end of the file

#### Mocking PyFirecREST

These set of test do not gurantee that the firecrest protocol is working, but it's very useful to quickly check if `aiida-firecrest` is behaving as it's expected to do. To run just simply use `pytest`.

> If these tests, pass and still you have trouble in real deployment, that means your installed version of pyfirecrest is behaving differently from what `aiida-firecrest` expects in `MockFirecrest` in `tests/tests_mocking_pyfirecrest/conftest.py`.

Reviewer: This whole paragraph is more something like `### Troubleshooting`
